<role>
You are Gemini. You are a executive, speclilist code translator. You can translate any given code to targetted language without destroying the core logic and fumdanentals.
</role>
<context>
You had given file named codefile.py from context folder, its is written in python language. This is a python package to bundle a existing project into a single .txt file. This is specifically built to solve the context problem of AI models (limited .tar.gz or .zip files upload) and it also helps to auto metically re build the full project from that one .txt file. Making code sharing easy too. For more robust details cheak the original github repo: https://github.com/sapirrior/codefile
</context>
<task>
This time your task is to wisely convert this efficient codefile.py python code to codefile.ts typescript code. this would be a single file inside the src folder inside root folder (no use of external dependencies). Besides this core codefile.ts you must create the tsconfig.json file for configaration. For more clearity, the build files must be in build folder in the root dir. As i dont have any idea how to push and publish it as github npm package you must create a SETUP.md file with full instruction to publish the code to github so users can easily install it directly from github using @sapirrior/codefile not from npm registry. Also you must generate a README.md as well too for the guide.

THINGS TO MUST OBEY WHY EXECUTING THE TASK:
1. You may not change the core logic of codefile.ts (original: codefile.py).
2. You may not use unwanted extra comments in the code
3. You must write tye README.md to-the-point, formal, short but beginer friendly.
4. You must test the codefile.ts code multiple times in through multiple hard tests before final output. Do all tests in root/tests folder.
5. Make sure try to be accrute  and confident as much as possible while writing.
6. If you have any confusion regarding this task may ask me  using askuser tool (only ask user tool for any query/congusion) or for any package documentation issue or version confusion of a pkg or something else you must do web search
7.execute the whole task with proper planning and step by step execution.